last season with Windsor Bailey Tolly 96
points in just 60 seven games leading
the Spitfires to a third-place finish in
the Ontario Hockey League's Western
Conference but tragedy struck Windsor
when team captain Mickey renault
collapsed and died in his home on
februari 18th in his first words to the
media after being drafted Josh Bailey
pay tribute to his close friend I was
ecstatic to hear my name Polly mo meta
lot to my family but I first and
foremost I want to dedicate this data
you know a teammate and friend Mickey
run honest family unfortunately what
happened this year one and always
looking down a crowd so I dedicate that
cake and Josh joins us now thanks so
much for being with us obviously an
emotional moment what was going through
your mind while you were making that
announcement um you know what it's just
had to be done i think i think you know
with what what happened this year duh
they meant a lot to i get that out there
and I'm sure meant a lot to his family
and you know you know he would have been
there for sure he was that guy who came
down with the boys just to see because
we were all his buddies so it you know I
just felt like it needed to be done is
there something that you think that you
learned from Mickey that will help you
in the NHL definitely you know you
learned tons of things obviously uh you
know just the character you had you you
bring those characteristics into
yourself and you know you really become
a better person of it not to turn it
into a positive any means but you know
it's really true and you know he's such
a hard worker and a good guy and I think
it motivates you to just worked out my
treasure you know after losing such a
close teammate how did it affect the
rest of the season for you you know what
to be honest there it made us better I
think not that he wouldn't help being
that because obviously what if he was a
key part to our team and but you know we
really rebounded well and you know came
together as a team up so you got a lot
closer when something like that happens
and I think we played our best hockey
down the stretch you know it was quite
the inspiration and play for so it
really gave us a lot of motivation but
really kept his memory alive also you
had paid a lot of tributes to him with
your jerseys and I know that you guys
retired his number as well correct yeah
yeah we did so no there's lots of things
we even had installers a big picture of
them you know we had a every time first
guy into the room but we had a candle
there and we laid it and then the last
guy would blow it out so you know we had
lots of little things that keep that
keep the memory alive you know looking
to the future from juniors to being
drafted by the Islanders what were your
impressions from your first visit to
Island you know it was good i like i
said earlier i flew in a week for the
draft and got to meet a few guys and
kind of hang out a bit and you know i
think i really get to see Long Island
during this week and we're doing a few
exciting things so I'm looking forward
to it training camp is coming up in
September is there anything that you
hope to gain from that you know
obviously a lot of experience you know
it's my first pro camp so it'll be
different in a learning experience for
sure like it is for everyone and you
know i'd like to just come in and do my
best and you know whatever happens
happens you know it's really a win-win
situation with the opportunity I've back
in Windsor or here so you know whatever
happens happens I'm just gonna give him
my own see what I can do I see that
you're our fan of humor and then will
Ferrell and family guy do you think that
you'll be able to lend some humor also
uh you know I'd like to I probably you
know you're a little more nervous your
first one so you're a little quieter but
i think you know when you get settled
then you open up a little more so maybe
then a little bit yeah great thanks so
much for joining us job well thanks
Radley